README.md, before:


# LIV8 OS: The Neural Command Center for GHL Agencies 🧠🌑💎

LIV8 OS is a high-fidelity, device-agnostic AI Operating System designed to centralize and orchestrate GoHighLevel agency operations. From headless onboarding to multi-staff conversational hubs, LIV8 OS transforms the GHL experience into a unified neural command center.

## 🚀 Key Modules

### [Neural Staff Hub]
A tri-tier communication hub for **AI Staff**, **Human Staff**, and **GHL Contacts**. Includes a sleek iMessage-style inbox and high-fidelity Employee Cards for agent management and training.

### [Headless Builder Engine]
Automated "Construction" phase during onboarding:
- **Snapshot Deployment**: One-click deployment of SMS/Missed Call frameworks.
- **Funnel Provisioning**: Mapping brand DNA to high-conversion funnel templates.
- **Knowledgebase Extraction**: Deep scraping of business assets into the Neural Core.

### [Mobile Neural Integration]
**iOS Shortcuts + Voice-to-Command**. Record a voice note on your iPhone, and LIV8 OS processes the command via webhooks, performing the action in GHL and returning spoken feedback.

### [Brand Hub & Social Planner]
Centralized **Asset Library** for brand identity persistence and a **Social Media Planner** for orchestrating AI-driven content generation across GHL locations.

### [Strategic Workflows]
Goal-based campaign templates including:
- **7-Day Reactivation** (Revenue Goal)
- **SEO Authority Builder** (Visibility Goal)
- **System Handshake Flows** (Automation)

---

## 🛠️ Setup & Deployment

**Prerequisites:** Node.js, Vercel CLI (optional for production)

1.  **Clone & Install**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    cd dashboard-standalone && npm install
    ```
2.  **Environment Sync**:
    Set your `GEMINI_API_KEY` in `dashboard-standalone/.env` or `.env.local`.
3.  **Local Execution**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
4.  **Production Deployment**:
    ```bash
    vercel --prod
    ```

---

## 💎 Design Aesthetics
LIV8 OS uses a premium **Neuro Blue** palette (`#1068EB`) with glassmorphic UI components, smooth micro-animations, and a standardized whitelabel engine.

*Built for the next generation of GHL Power-Users.*

Commit message:

feat: Add multi-provider SMS gateway and Chrome extension Late integration
- Add TextLink SMS service for Android-based SMS gateway
- Add unified SMS providers (Twilio, Telnyx, TextLink) with auto-failover
- Add SMS API routes with encrypted credential storage
- Add SMSSettingsManager component for provider configuration
- Integrate Late API into Chrome extension for 13-platform social posting
- Add platform selector modal for cross-platform publishing
- Update README with new features

https://claude.ai/code/session_01CPqgKtYXYUMru26WAuL6At

README.md, after:


# LIV8 OS: The Neural Command Center for Agencies 🧠🌑💎

LIV8 OS is a high-fidelity, device-agnostic AI Operating System designed to centralize and orchestrate agency operations. From headless onboarding to multi-staff conversational hubs, LIV8 OS transforms the CRM experience into a unified neural command center - one main brain that connects to many tools.

## 🚀 Key Modules

### [Neural Staff Hub]
A tri-tier communication hub for **AI Staff**, **Human Staff**, and **CRM Contacts**. Includes a sleek iMessage-style inbox and high-fidelity Employee Cards for agent management and training.

### [Headless Builder Engine]
Automated "Construction" phase during onboarding:
- **Snapshot Deployment**: One-click deployment of SMS/Missed Call frameworks.
- **Funnel Provisioning**: Mapping brand DNA to high-conversion funnel templates.
- **Knowledgebase Extraction**: Deep scraping of business assets into the Neural Core.

### [Mobile Neural Integration]
**iOS Shortcuts + Voice-to-Command**. Record a voice note on your iPhone, and LIV8 OS processes the command via webhooks, performing the action in your CRM and returning spoken feedback.

### [Brand Hub & Social Planner]
Centralized **Asset Library** for brand identity persistence and a **Social Media Planner** for orchestrating AI-driven content generation across locations.

### [Late Social Media Integration] ✨ NEW
Publish to **13 social platforms** via a single unified API:
- Twitter/X, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn, TikTok, YouTube
- Pinterest, Reddit, Bluesky, Threads
- Google Business, Telegram, Snapchat

### [Multi-Provider SMS Gateway] ✨ NEW
Unified SMS communications with automatic failover:
- **GoHighLevel** - Native CRM integration
- **Twilio** - Enterprise-grade with global reach
- **Telnyx** - Developer-friendly with competitive pricing
- **TextLink** - Android-based gateway (bypass carrier fees)

### [Chrome Extension]
Browser companion for quick actions:
- Create and publish social posts to 13 platforms
- Capture page content for leads
- AI-powered content generation
- Voice commands

### [Strategic Workflows]
Goal-based campaign templates including:
- **7-Day Reactivation** (Revenue Goal)
- **SEO Authority Builder** (Visibility Goal)
- **System Handshake Flows** (Automation)

---

## 🛠️ Setup & Deployment

**Prerequisites:** Node.js, Vercel CLI (optional for production)

1.  **Clone & Install**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    cd dashboard-standalone && npm install
    ```
2.  **Environment Sync**:
    Set your `GEMINI_API_KEY` in `dashboard-standalone/.env` or `.env.local`.
3.  **Local Execution**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
4.  **Production Deployment**:
    ```bash
    vercel --prod
    ```

---

## 💎 Design Aesthetics
LIV8 OS uses a premium **Neuro Blue** palette (`#1068EB`) with glassmorphic UI components, smooth micro-animations, and a standardized whitelabel engine.

*Built for the next generation of GHL Power-Users.*
